Do we really
have to leave?
Yeah, can't we just stay
a couple more days?
I know --
it's killing me.
Tomorrow's open-mic night
at the Apollo.
Look, we'll all come back.
I love it here, too.
Compared to New Yorkers,
I'm laid-back.
Now, come on.
Get upstairs and pack, or else
you might miss your flight.
Mwah!
After a great week
in New York,
I had to get to Raleigh
for the Carolina Closet Caucus.
Phil and I
have always wanted
to drive across the country
together,
so we thought
we'd make a road trip of it.
Bye!
Bye, guys!
We'll miss you!
Okay, here's the deal --
We're staying another night.
What?
You heard mom and dad.
They said no.
Well, we'll still get home
before them. They'll never know.
Oh, come on.
Andy and I just broke up.
I'm not ready to go back
and face life.
Come on, how would we
even pay for the hotel?
We can use Luke's
carnival settlement money.
No way!
I earned that.
I'm the one
who fell off that ride.
We were the ones
who really suffered.
We couldn't turn on lights
or make loud noises
until your head
got small again.
We can't use that money.
It's for college.
(laughter)
Okay, okay,
let's spend it.
Oh, look -- that sushi
restaurant we never made it to.
Oh, yeah.
We tried.
They just never had
a table for five.
Mnh-mnh.
Hm.
We had a lot of fun, though,
didn't we?
Yes, we did.
Yeah.
Never got to get on one of those
horse-drawn carriages
through the park.
Alex's allergies.
Didn't know you could be
allergic to carriage leather.
Still, just so much
good family time.
Family time.
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
You could blow off
the convention.
We could stay here
for a romantic few days
but never tell the kids because
we just made them go home?
Yes!
That is the first time
you've ever
answered that question
right.
(laughs)
(tires screech, horn honks)
Not today!
♪♪
Oh! Cam, it is
so beautiful outside.
You got to --
Ohhhh...right.
We decided to spend the summer
in Missouri.
But we arrived to find
Cam's grandma on her deathbed.
Right where we left her
at Thanksgiving.
Hey, um, I wish you'd be
a little more mindful
of my family situation.
I'm sorry --
I didn't realize the vigil
had drifted out
to the common areas.
Cam, come on. She's 95 years old
and plugged into a wall.
Maybe it's time to,
you know...
What? What are you saying,
Mitchell?
That we should pull
the plug?
(all gasp)
Lord o' mercy.
Have you even taken your turn
sitting with Gram?
No, she doesn't want me there.
She hates me.
This again.
Cam, she refers to me
as "the sissy."
You heard that wrong.
She's hard to understand because
of the dentures she inherited.
You know they were made from
the keys of a child's piano.
(scoffs)
What do you even say
to someone in a coma?
Well, Mama's reading her
poetry.
Lily's
reciting scripture.
Pam and I are gonna sing a song
we wrote when we were younger,
"Sweet Home Ala-gramma."
Okay, yeah,
t-teach me that.
Oh, I'm sorry --
Is she your Ala-gramma?
Oh, fine.
I'll think of something.
All: ♪ Onward -- ♪
(blender whirs)
Sorry.
(mariachi music plays)
This collar itches.
Stop it.
You all look so handsome.
We look like
The Three Amigos.
We were in Juarez
for my sweet 19-year-old cousin
Marisol's third wedding.
It was so beautiful.
Thank God that they finished
that tunnel in time
for her father to make it.
Ay, Jay, stop with the phone.
You're missing everything.
Hang on -- I'm trying to
lock up some sausages
for Father's Day
this weekend.
You wait till the last minute,
you wind up eating
chicken and apple,
like some damn hippie.
Double click!
(gasps)
La Diabla.
Manny,
come dance with me.
Son of a bitch,
that's good!
Hola, Jay.
Oh, hey...Sonia.
I see
Gloria's avoiding me.
She's still mad because I
forwarded her that mass e-mail.
Could be that, or it could be
the last time you saw her,
you tried to steal me
and kill her.
Hm.
So, how is my sister?
Fantastic. Great.
'Course, with Joe
and also her hot-sauce business,
she got a lot
on her plate.
Hey, have you tried
one of these Mexican cookies?
They just call them
cookies.
I'll speak with Gloria
later.
I have to drop this
at the gift table.
Great.
My seat is cold,
and the flowers wilted.
I see that my sister
has been here.
Will you get over that?
She couldn't have been nicer.
We talked about Joe.
I told her how well your
hot-sauce business was going.
By the way, have you tried
one of these cookies?
Why did you tell her
about the sauce?
Everybody,
get your things.
We have to leave Juarez
right now!
What?! It took me 45 minutes
to get into this outfit!
You know
how crazy Sonia can be.
She's gonna be so jealous
now that she knows
that I am a very successful
businesswoman.
Aren't you 400 bucks in the hole
on that thing?
You don't think
this looks bad --
us walking out
before dinner?
Joe has a fever, and he --
he's sweating very much.
No, I'm not.
Claire: I'm gonna reverse
what I said.
Central Park dog rentals --
million-dollar idea.
Yeah, and maybe it's just
the high of being on vacation,
but is there a bird
more majestic
than the American pigeon?
Get dressed. We're going out
for walk-around breakfast pizza.
Oh! Shoot.
Forgot my room key.
(lock beeps)
Oh! I've got to get a picture
of this paneling for my dad.
Aromatic cedar flakeboard --
game a-changed.
I love my sexy
little closet nerd.
Oh, honey.
I'm gonna
take a quick tub.
We should check in with the kids
from "the road."
Oh, right, right.
We should also maybe
get some ice for drinks.
Let's wait for him in the lobby.
I need coffee anyway.
The people next door kept me up
all night with their sex noises.
I caught
the end of that.
He sounded like
a scared ghost.
"Ohh! Ohh!"
Ugh.
(ringing)
(cellphone rings)
Oh, my God. It's Mom.
Uh, well, stay calm.
Uh, we're home,
we flew in last night.
Oh. Come on. She's gonna
want to talk to Luke.
Oh.
(lock beeps)
(door closes)
Hi, Mom.
Hi, sweetie.
I'm coming to you
from West Virginia.
What are you girls
doing today?
Oh, you know, me and Alex
just out shopping.
Who are you
talking to?
Dad.
Who are you talking to?
Mom.
The girls.
Luke.
All: Hold on.
I told them we were
in West Virginia.
What did you say?
Kentucky.
Mom thinks
we're shopping.
I told Dad
I was making us breakfast.
When have you ever
made us breakfast?!
Okay, girls, um,
I got to go.
Us too.
Drive safely.
Bye.
Hey, buddy,
I should get going.
There's a cop
walking towards us.
I guess it looks weird
with us parked right here
on the state border
with me up here in Kentucky
and your mom in the back seat
over in West Virginia.
Got it.
I should probably finish
packing up the breakfast
I'm bringing
to the girls
at the shopping mall
where they're shopping.
Okay.
See ya, pal.
See ya.
That's how you
do that.
Done.
♪ Sweet home Ala-gramma ♪
♪ Eyes and hair
of gorgeous blue ♪
-(imitates guitar riff)
-I'm gonna come back.
No, no, no.
I'm glad you're up here.
We can finish later.
Yeah, yeah.
She likes it when you stroke
her hair and rub her feet.
And, Mitchell, make sure
her tongue stays moist.
How would I -- Ugh.
Hey, Grams.
How's -- How's the coma?
(groans)
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
A-Are you trying
to say something?
Aww.
Ow. Ow!
Grams. Ow, that hurts.
Let -- let go.
Grams, l-let go.
Let go, Grams.
Let go, Grams!
What the hell
are you telling her?
(flatline)
(screams)
Pam: What happened?!
(crying)
I just walked in,
and Mitchell was telling her
to let go, and she did!
Oh, let go --
let go of my hair.
Cameron:
Somebody call the race track!
Get the doctor!
Lily: Nice turnout.
Sure is.
Grams would hate all
these people on her property.
She sure would.
Hi.
Oh, my God. I can feel your
family staring daggers at me.
Can't believe they think
I killed Grams.
Like I'd really be telling her
to let go of life.
Well, you can see
how they'd wonder
after you put your suitcase
in her room.
It sounds like
you're taking their side.
You can't blame them
for questioning your story
about a comatose arthritic woman
pulling your hair.
Not a story.
A thing that happened.
Fine.
And you didn't help
your case
by accidentally erasing
her "Matlocks."
Oh, my God!
Just drop it!
No, not -- not the...
No. I -- I...
Okay, so, when do you guys think
you're gonna be back?
Claire:
Definitely by Father's Day.
Oh, okay.
Well, we miss you guys.
But at least it's still
only three more days.
Was it a little risky?
Not as long as the master
did the talking.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Aww. Love you both.
Bye.
We miss you guys.
Got to run outside
and paint the mailbox.
All you had to do was
say goodbye.
Now we have to paint the mailbox
when we get home.
Sorry.
It just popped
into my head
when I saw the Statue of Liberty
holding that paintbrush.
You know, what she used
to paint freedom in America.
Oh.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
The key to a good lie
is keep it simple.
Well, why don't I
stop talking
about how good it is here
and just bring you some?
(chuckling)
Okay. Bye-bye.
We need to pick up a wheel
of Arizona spicy sheep cheese.
Couldn't you just
say goodbye?!
Claire, the sign says
"No loud noises."
You'll scare
David Blaine.
So, he just sits in jello
for four days?
I don't get
how that's magic.
You wouldn't.
I wish Dad was here.
He'd love this.
Well, he isn't,
and neither are we.
Remember how Luke
used to call it "jeh-woh"?
I hate that I can't
share this with him.
Magic isn't about secrets
and tricking people.
Phil!
Get it together.
Like your boyfriend,
David Blaine,
we're taking how we did this
to the grave.
I just feel bad
that he's missing out.
This is our thing.
Hey! You will never
tell him about this,
or we will finish
what that unlicensed carnival
started, okay?
The morning we were set
to fly back for Father's Day,
a storm in the midwest
canceled our flight.
Let's just get to the airport,
and we will find a flight.
Taxi!
Damn it!
It's already taken!
Taxi!
Okay, so I think I got us
on a flight through Denver.
Do you mind
the middle seat?
If it'll help.
Oh! This can't all be
carnival-related.
Taxi!
Ay, Jay, I was going to cook
the sausage.
Hey, I don't mind.
He's taking over
because we screwed up
the last few
Father's Days.
Don't be silly.
I got this.
Shoo, shoo. Go.
When I think
of the last few Father's Days,
I quake with rage.
Hey, maybe put a little thought
into it.
Maybe we don't order the pizza.
And if we do,
maybe we get enough crazy bread
for everybody.
I'm sorry,
but who made Father's Day
the dirty stepchild
of holidays?!
We don't even have a song.
Daddy?
What?
Got you a present.
That's my boy!
Let's see.
What do we got in here?
Hey. An ice bucket.
I saw Manny take shampoos
from the hotel.
So I took some things, too.
Then some bigger things.
I like stealing.
It makes my heart go fast.
And what's
in the ice bucket?
Oh!
A hair dryer.
Thanks, buddy.
(doorbell rings)
Who's here so early?
Sonia,
what are you doing here?
You left Juarez so fast,
I didn't get to say goodbye.
We're sisters.
We shouldn't fight.
I miss you.
Okay, got it.
Gloria!
Sonia. I'm sorry.
Come in.
No, I couldn't.
No, you came
from so far away.
Come on in.
Stay awhile.
Thank you, Jay.
The Mexican cookies.
I never thought
I'd see those again.
Let me help you
with those.
Hey, Aunt Sonia.
Hola, Manny.
I have some luggage in the car.
Come help me.
Okay.
Help your aunt.
Go ahead.
(laughs)
Why did you let her in?
You have to talk to her.
I really think
she's here to apologize.
You don't know her
like I do.
Ohh! Wait!
What are you doing?!
Great, Jay.
Now she kidnapped Manny.
(tires squeal)
JAY:
Why are you so calm?
Shouldn't we follow them
or call the police?
No, it's just a kidnapping.
It's normal in my family.
(telephone rings)
Ransom call.
(beep)
¿Sí?
(woman speaking Spanish)
(speaking Spanish)
Manny:
Mom, I'm really scare--
(beep)
(sighs)
She wants my hot-sauce business
in exchange for Manny.
Good! Then she owes us
400 bucks.
We get the kid back.
No deal.
(stomps)
I'll handle it.
My sister, my problem.
My holiday!
(vehicle approaches)
Oh! That's the kids
pulling up right now.
Just act normal.
I was born normal.
Not really. They said
I came out with bangs.
Hey. Now all we have to do
is stick the landing.
Don't blow it
by acting weird.
Hey!
We missed you guys.
Oh! I missed you!
(laughing) Buddy!
Oh,
how was the drive?!
Oh, it was great.
Hi, hi, hi.
Yeah.
Yeah?
We would have been here
a lot earlier,
but there was a ton
of traffic on...
A-America.
(Claire chuckles nervously)
What do you say
we go find Grandpa, huh?
Yes.
Here we go.
Let's go.
So, uh, good week?
Meh.
Same. Meh.
Neh.
Pbht.
Buh.
Bleh.
Ehh.
Oh, my God.
They're talking.
Are they?
Meh.
Pbht.
All right,
you chatterboxes.
Let's get this party
started, huh?
Yeah,
it's almost 4:00.
1:00.
That was great.
Really?
No.
But that's how you lie.
Go splash some water
on your face.
(door opens)
Hey, guys.
Hey.
Hi! How are you?
Hi!
Hi. Where are
Cam and Lily?
Uh, they're still
at the farm.
I got banished.
Sounds like
you're ramping up to a story,
but I got some stuff
going on, so...
Okay.
Good to be home.
Okay, so Cam's grandmother,
the one who called me a sissy,
she died.
And I -- I was alone with her
when it happened,
and the family thinks
that I nudged it along.
Cam's grandma died?
Oh, my God.
You still do that thing
where you smile
whenever
you talk about death.
It's just a coping mechanism.
It's gonna pass.
You've been doing it
since I was 10 years old
and we buried my hamster
in the backyard.
His name was Whiskers.
Can you be a human being
for one second?
Uh-huh.
Mm-kay?
So, Cam totally took
his family's side
when they all turned
against me.
Well,
that's just a reflex.
You always
take your family's side.
Oh, come on.
Where is that written?
Remember when you first
brought Cam home
and I privately said
to you,
"You might want to move on
from this one,"
and Dad said,
"I thought you liked men"?
And then when Cam thought
he was picking up
on us not liking him,
you told Cam
he was crazy.
I guess
I did do that, huh?
Yeah.
God, you and Dad
are mean.
Aww.
Says the murderer.
Gloria, we can't sit around
doing nothing. Call Sonia.
Tell her to bring Manny and
the cookies to a neutral place,
and we'll make
the exchange.
Why would I make an exchange?
We have all the leverage.
She has your son.
What is she gonna do?
Raise Manny?
Don't worry.
He's going to be fine.
Manny: There's got to be
a better way.
My parents
will be worried sick.
Why does she want
your sauce business, anyway?
Well, maybe she has a reason
to think
that it should be
partly hers.
My late aunt gave that
hot-sauce recipe to both of us.
Not just Gloria.
Sonia didn't care
about the recipe.
She was very lazy.
I said, "Maybe I'll go
to America and sell the sauce.
Try to make something
of myself."
So I gently
talked her out of it.
She told me
my idea was stupid --
just like all my ideas.
And then I changed my mind,
and I did her dream.
What is she so mad about?
I'm sorry to involve you
in this feud.
It's okay.
I'm actually starting to see
your side of this.
Thank you.
As long as
this isn't that thing
where the person gets kidnapped
and then --
Why am I only now noticing
how beautiful you are?
Ay, Dios mio.
(doorbell rings)
Surprise!
Happy Father's Day!
Wait --
you guys flew in?
Yeah, I just wanted us
to all be together today.
Aww!
In spite of your thoughtlessness
and insensitivity.
Okay, those mean the same thing,
but okay.
Look, I just want you
to know
I understand
why you took your family's side.
And I am sorry
I put you in that position.
Oh, I appreciate that,
Mitchell.
I'm so sorry
for your loss.
Can I get our gifts
out of the car?
Grams left us all something
in her will --
even you.
She left me something!
Aww.
Even though
you're stubborn and pigheaded.
Okay, again --
Oh...
(door closes)
Manny's here.
I had to
bring him back.
He was driving me crazy
with his googly eyes.
My eyes are but lifeless orbs
compared to --
Yeah,
go get me a beer.
How dare you take
my son.
my business model.
Guys, we have a party going on.
Let's take it over here.
Now, Gloria,
you have admitted yourself
that you have a history
of stealing things
from this one here.
Oh, here we go.
Sonia's perfect,
and Gloria can't do
anything right!
You sound
just like my father!
Hold on.
Are you saying
that all this
is about some weird competition
over your father?
This is why you sabotage
my whole life?
Because
Papá loved me more?
Don't love that.
Oh, my God.
I guess so.
I can't believe it.
You are jealous of me.
Just in that one area.
But I shouldn't treat you badly
because Papá choose you.
It must have been hard
for a little girl.
When you lose a love like that
at such a young age,
you spend the rest of your life
trying to replace it.
Okay.
Listen, if you want
the hot-sauce business,
take it -- it's yours.
No, no.
Your jealousy is all I need.
I want to give you something
that is very precious to me.
Not Manny.
It's something
that I should have given you
a long time ago
that is gonna keep you close
to Papá forever.
Come.
Oh! Lily, we were gonna open
Grams' gifts together!
I couldn't wait.
Grams left you a watch.
Oh!
The note says,
"Your grandpa tore it right
off of a dead kraut's wrist."
(voice breaking)
Oh, that's so sweet!
And I got these.
"Enjoy all my old lipstick,
you big sissy."
Why did she call me
a sissy?
I --
She doesn't --
Oh! We're opening
Grams' gifts, huh?
This must be yours.
Okay.
Let -- You know,
we can do this later.
You opened yours.
Okay.
"When Cam
first brought you here,
I thought
I'd never get used to you.
I was raised
to hate your kind.
But seeing how happy
you make my grandson,
I...couldn't help
but come to care for you."
Cam.
I was wrong about her.
Yes. You were.
Now, let's put this
someplace safe.
No, no, wait.
There's more. There's more.
"Who else but you should inherit
my beloved Oriental fan?
I hope it don't make you
homesick."
She said
I was gonna get that fan.
Well, you know, she did get
very stupid near the end.
Okay, well,
gift time seems to be over.
Okay, Cam. This is
Lily's gift, isn't it?
No.
Oh! So you're
the big sissy!
Here.
Her lipsticks!
Oh. I suppose you're gonna
read into this, too.
Wow, those sausages
smell fantastic!
You all right, Dad?
Yeah, I guess
I could say a few words.
I appreciate you guys honoring
me on this great holiday.
But I'm not
the only dad here.
You three lucked out a little
bit in that department, right?
We sure did.
Eh...
Well...
Best job I ever had.
Raising
two dynamite ladies
(voice breaking)
and the...best buddy
a guy could ever ask for.
Oh, what is with this?
No crazy bread this year?
Yeah!
We stayed in New York
for five more days.
And I saw David Blaine
in jello,
and I've been dying to tell you,
but they wouldn't let me!
You're a disgrace.
Oh, my God!
Your mother and I --
Are furious!
Furious!
You were in New York
this whole time,
and you didn't
say anything --
Now, I don't know
what can of worms this is,
but I know
this is my day,
and I want you
to calm down.
(cellphone chimes)
Is that a phone
in your pocket?
That's my phone.
I've been looking for this
since yesterday.
I steal now.
Phil,
did you text me?
Oh, yeah, um,
Claire asked me
to send you a picture
of the closet
in our New York hotel.
Oh, my God!
Is this you naked?!
What?
Why?
Honey, will you send my dad
a picture of that closet
before I forget?
(clears throat)
(camera clicks)
Oh! No.
Mnh-mnh.
Hey.
What's all the --
O...kay.
No, thanks.
I already have confusing
feelings for one relative.
All...right.
Can this just be done now?
How did you even --
Wait a minute. It is raining
in the background.
But it didn't rain
while we were all there.
It only rained in New York
yesterday.
Oh, my God! You stayed
in New York without us!
(kids gasp)
We're liars!
I'm so sorry.
No, it's my fault.
I -- I kept the lie going.
Okay, are we really
glossing over the fact
that I figured
something out?
I'll tell you what else
we're glossing over --
how bad you all are
at Father's Day.
I've got one son
who's a kleptomaniac,
the other who's in love
with his own aunt --
creepy
even by your standards --
and a daughter
who I was forced to see naked
as the day
she was born.
Come on, Cam.
Kiss me like the sissy I am!
-Right on cue.
-Oh, God.
Happy Father's Day to me.
Icing on the cake --
I just found out
my own wife
has major daddy issues.
Makes me wonder if that's
the whole reason she's with me.
Dad, come on.
We may have
ruined your day, yes,
but now
you're just spiraling.
I mean, every relationship
has its issues,
and Gloria adores you!
Take the win.
You think?
Papá was so handsome.
Yes!
Yes.
(laughter)
All right!
You each have a sausage
on your plate
I selected based on
your individual personality
and temperaments.
Is this blood sausage?
Because mine's pink.
Oh, my mine's pink, t--
Oh. Very funny, Dad.
Now take a bite
of bread,
a sip of water
to cleanse the palate.
Mine smells spicy.
Show of hands. Who heard me say
"Smell your sausage"?
The box said these pigs
were massaged daily,
then killed from behind
to keep the panic hormone
from tainting the meat.
They were murdered
from behind?
The three things I want you
to pay attention to
are bouquet, texture,
and finish.
You may begin.
Can I have
some ketchup?
We're done here.
-- Captions by VITAC --